[1] Yesterday on the 17th I finally turned 21. I have decided that I would like to post my entire collection of video games (minus the ones I have through Steam) here on gamecollecting in celebration. I have close to 480 video games ( 70 of which are on Steam) and I hope to finally reach 500 this year. In the coming month; or how ever long this takes me; I would like to have pictures for every physical game I own and a complete list of all of them in a google.doc to post on here. To start things off I would like to share with you guys one of my favorite pieces in my collection. 
 My Greatest Hits Final Fantasy 7 Double Sephiroth Misprint. 
 Here is a reflection shot to prove it's legit.

[2] Now finally to Kassadin his blink by far requires the least amount effort to use successfully (and to a new/low skill player that's a big thing) because it deals it's damage upfront in an AoE, you just have to land remotely close to any target you want to hit. It also gains an increase in damage when you use it again, though, yes the base and increased damage is small, all damage adds up. It also has a short cooldown even at rank 1. The only negative to this ability is that it's mana cost increases on consequitive uses. But like the other champions it becomes stronger when using it with other abilities. Kassadin's Nether Blade at max rank restores 40% of his missing mana if you hit an enemy champion; that is great synergy for an ability that can deplete mana quickly. 
Now if you still don't understand, then play some more, you'll get it.

[3] Thanks for doing this AMA! I would love your advice... 
 I broke off an engagement and have been working on selling the unworn, brand new Tiffany bands. Tiffany wouldn't take them back because they were engraved with the wedding date at the time of sale. I took them to an excellent local jeweler who did a great job polishing out the engraving without changing the shape or size. I was able to sell the men's platinum band on eBay (original cost $1600) for $900. The women's band is worth $3200. I'm trying to give someone a good deal and manage to recoup as much of my losses as possible. Any hints or suggestions on getting it sold? I don't want to ask for too little but don't want to ask so much that I won't get buyers. I'm happy to PM you the link if it'd be helpful.

[4] First off I would like to say how life changing this /r/bodyweightfitness has been. 
 I have been diligently following the  chart and  have made great progress. 
 For the first time I'm at a crossroads because I have progressed past Ring pushups and want to move towards another chest workout. I understand I can do rings-turned-out, but I'm going to be without rings for a few months. 
 So, can I use Lever pushups instead of Planche for a better chest workout? I know it's a  very  objective opinion, but I would like to hear from anyone with experience.

[5] When I was in elementary school I had to get sent home because I was throwing up. My mom set me up in bed with an old-fashioned mercury thermometer, ice pack, bucket, and a phone, but had to run to the store real quick. 
 In the time she was gone, I had broken the mercury thermometer, decided it was fine, put it back in my mouth, and sucked on the cool tasting end.

[6] Just posted this in a thread in /r/askreddit and then I just posted it again here but not under my throwaway so here it goes again. 
 "Throw away because whenever I recall this event I have to question my sanity. 
 One time I saw myself. I was driving down a street in my town and walking down the sidewalk in the opposite direction was me. I feel crazy just typing it. My mouth fell open and I just stared. It looked exactly like me. Not like one of those times where you think, "wow that guy looks a lot like me," there were no noticeable differences between this guy and me. I only saw him for a few seconds because I was driving past him ; when I looked in my mirror after I went by I could still see him walking. I wanted to turn around and get another look, but I was just in awe and eventually it was too late. After I saw him, for the next hour or so I couldn't really think any clear thoughts. Strangest thing that has ever happened to me.

[7] Not to the OP] Just post the animals here please. I don;t wanna see no attention whores who probably get zillion creepy pms and then try to get further attention by blaming how fucked up reddit/men-of-reddit are. 
 Please, pretty please, with cherry on top! Add a rule here that humans only allowed if it serves the purpose of aww, and even then ask them to not complain about creepy pms afterwards.

[8] There is exactly 11 elves in standard: 
 
 Arbor elf: excellent 
 
 Centaur's herald: bad for an elf deck (it's pretty much a centaur for all intent and purposes) 
 
 Deathrite shaman: fine, but doesn't produce mana reliably in standard. 
 
 Elvish Archdruid: center piece of the deck 
 
 Elvish visionary: usually good as it adds an elf to the field and still digs for more elves. 
 
 Golgari decoy: Mostly useless.  At best a 1of for a win condition, but even then, I don't see why you'd need it.  To expensive to really be part of the combo. 
 
 Jarad, Golgari Lich Lord: see above. 
 
 Korozda Guildmage: No synergy with the rest of the deck.  Sacrificing your elves for saproling goes completely against your strategy. 
 
 Oak street inkeeper: Bad. 
 
 Yeva's Forcemage: Useless 
 
 Yeva, Nature's herald: might be useful to combo out during opponent's turn, but it doesn't help to get the combo going. 
 
 
 All in all, you simply don't have the critical mass of decent elves required to make an elf deck.  At the very least, you want 8 reliable mana dorks at 1, here you only have 4 (again, shaman is not reliable).  You also want a good amount of 2cc elves, here, you only have 2, one of which requires green and doesn't help the strategy at all. 
 As a strict aggro or midrange deck, it still doesn't have enough good elves.  Elvish archdruid by itself is not incentive enough to play worse creatures just because they are elves in that kind of deck.

[9] I had a ps3 and Xbox 360 but I definitely felt the Xbox 360 was better; it was my preferred console. Now that a new generation is out I believe the PS4 and Xbox One both look great. A goal I have is to save up to be able to afford a PS4. I got an Xbox One on release day and I have been loving it, I haven't been playing it a lot though due to the lack of games I have. I currently only have Call of Duty: Ghosts (awful game, if you are thinking about it I personally would not recommend it), Dead Rising 3 (Awesome game, only really lasted a week for me because I have no one to play with and searching online to play with people sucks in that game), and Peggle 2 (Awesome game, lots of fun). A reason I would love to get a PS4 is because I want to play both systems in this generation, I don't want to say the PS4 is an awful system because that would not be right of me. You can not judge the other system without spending a decent amount of time with it. The PS4 looks like a solid system and I just have such an urge to get it. If you took the time to read this giant block of random text; thank you.

[10] Just my opinion: Use the G.I. bill and go to college for something. :-) 
 From my experience, employers want college degrees. Military experience... not so much. Had a tough time finding a job and was well qualified. Once I had a degree: got a job immediately. 
 Be certain to save money up in-case the G.I. bill takes 3 or 4 months to arrive. Some colleges will wait for the money to arrive, some need tuition payment up-front. Also rent, books, etc savings. I did not know this and found out the hard way... 
 Apply for a number of colleges and/or jobs. Have lots of options and then pick from them. Have someone help you make a good resume. Getting hired at a good job or accepted to a  college / training program takes 3-6 months of paperwork going back-and-forth.

[11] English is not my first language, so sorry for all the unavoidable errors. All of the names are obviously changed. 
 I know Emily for around 2 years as we a both members of our Faculties' science club. Yesterday we had a meeting of our club, where we were chatting, plaing games and generally having fun. At some point there were 5 of us, including me, Emily, Alice [24F] - person in charge of our club, Dan - Alice's predecessor and some guy I have literally seen the first time in my life. 
 We were playing a sort of hot potato game, where we were reading questions and then everybody had to answer the question before passing the potato. At some point I asked the question: "What are you afraid of?", to which Emily replied "you". I was quite shocked by that. Nobody else reacted and the game proceeded as normal. A moment later I asked Emily if she was serious, to which she answered "I don't know". 
 We continued playing various games for the rest of the evening. I didn't question Emily  about her answer even when we were coming back homes using the same road: this was a dark street with little traffic, so if Emily was really afraid of me doing so at this point definitely would be a scary experience for her. Instead we chatted mostly about nothing, eg. she asked if I plan to attend some conference (I don't). 
 Now, it seems clear to me that Emily wasn't joking: we were all playing the game quite seriously, without any "your mom" jokes and her answers for other questions were "legit". On the other hand, I have no idea why could she possibly consider me dangerous. However, her words made me think there might be some problem with me that I should work with. 
 More about me: being rather short and with normal body weight there is no way I am particularly physically threatening (more than eg. other guys in the room). I am definitely very introvertic. I don't like talking to strangers, I have no girlfriend and actually didn't have any for last 6 years. I don't drink alcohol and don't like parties - club meetings are actually one of the few means by which I socialize. Emily probably knows about most of this, either by figuring that herself or being told by Alice, with whom I am closer friend and have talked about a lot of stuff. On the other hand I cannot think about any single instance when my actions could be considered creepy or threatening by Emily. 
 About Emily: she is definitely very shy, talks probably even less than me, usually very fast and quietly. I think that made her words even more shocking to me. I know she has a boyfriend, whom I have seen total of 3 times and never talked to. 
 What should I do now? Am I overreacting? Should I just forget about whole situation? Am I a creep in a ways I didn't notice? Please help.

[12] This is our second year living together. I've known about his close friendships with 2 other girls for about 2 years now, they message and text each other a lot. He always told me how he gives them advice etc. and showed me some where he is talking about their relationships with them. I've never been super comfortable with it but didn't worry over it. However, things have been different lately with him being suddenly super secretive and protective over his phone, and there's a lot of shrinking of facebook messages if I come near etc. So this flipped a crazy switch for me and I checked his phone. Through this I discovered the following: 
 
 They have exchanged pictures. Clothed ones. 
 He constantly compliments them, including their appearance. e.g. "You're not chubby. If you're chubby than I like chubby girls" 
 There is a lot of flirting.  
 They talk about how much they miss each other 
 
 The one I have the most problem with: 
 
 He went to see one of the girls, without telling me over Easter.  
 
 He was with me on that day and told me he had to go meet family in the town over. In the texts he told the other girl he was sorry he was going to be late he was "held up". I don't believe they physically cheated due to the messages being about how they played board games and he did go to see family after her (I checked with them). 
 This all lead me to think he loves or at least has feelings for this girl. 
 So I confronted him. 
 He claims he loves me and isn't in love with either of the other girls. He said that it was stupid of him not to tell me about seeing the girl (you don't say!). He kept saying how he doesn't have many friends, he talks to them like this because they are needy and he doesn't want to lose friends, and that he knows he crossed boundaries. 
 This is all very unconvincing. I haven't spoken to him much since then, I'm trying to process it. I'm not sure if this relationship can continue, and if I would be able to trust him again.

[13] First off i would like to apologize to the community for the replies that I made while I was caught up in the whole situation.  Im going to tell the events that happened from my perspective. So people can make their own decision based on the information provided. 
 This is how I feel the other person saw this. 
 He misclicked during his trade offer for my 2 knives that i had at that time. We did not speak nor trade with each other. Due to the massive amounts of people wanting to trade. I have made my trading exclusive to the "Trade Offer" links that steam provides. When he added me he saw that he was ignored. Which possibly made him think that I was going to run with his knife. After i haven't responded to him on reddit he started to create threads about me „scamming“ him on various CS related platforms such as HLTV and the sub-reddit in which you are reading this text right now. 
 The events from my own perspective. 
 I was online late as usual, checked my trade offers and saw that someone gifted me a knife. So far I've been gifted 2 knives before. I accepted the trade thinking that if someone clicks 3 times stating they were "Gifting" a knife, its obviously a gift.  I then jumped into the game and played a match with it. As usual (and i hope you understand this) I ignore all random invites as I get around 100-200 a day depending on certain factors. After the comp match ended I was informed about a guy posting on CS:GORep about me apparently scamming him of his knife. I had already been up all night, and was ready for bed when this was brought to my attention.(It was around 6:30 am my time) and told Junglist, who is handling most of the reports in the steamgroup that i will look into it and handle it when i get up again. 
 I have no idea how the timezones work, but this picture he put up as "evidence" clearly tells you that he sent the message around 7-8 AM my time. 
 He also states that I was online all the time and that I purposely ignored him – yes and no. Yes I am online all the time because my PC always runs due to either uploading or rendering, no I didn't purposely ignore him. 
 So i got up, checked my facebook inbox, my youtube inbox, the youtube discussion   (if someone doesn't know what the "discussion“ is) aswell as Reddit and HLTV to see if something new came around only to find a shitstorm of insults and more has started about me apparently stealing a knife. Obviously I became upset, frustrated and mad all at the same time – not knowing how to handle the situation nor anything else anymore, there was just so much on my mind. In that split second I went ahead and posted replies (for instance that i will not give the knife back to its previous owner. That I would be trading it for multiple knives to give to appreciative and respectful people in the community.) in a completely unthought of and spiteful way. I deleted these afterwards regretting how poorly i had handled the situation. After i had calmed down a bit I traded the knife to my second account and added the guy to give it back to him. 
 Yesterday's experience is not something I would ever wish upon anybody.  People making their own opinion based on comments, that or

[14] Before fashion became a hobby for me, I did it for well... the women. My sisters would dress me up, then in High School I would dress because of the compliments I would get from girls. My style's evolved to a point where the people around me know me as being one of the most fashionable men they know, and people will come to me for tips and advice. Even girls. 
 As a college freshman in a nerdy top-ranking school however, fashion hardly matters to most girls, as long as you look decent. Most girls I've been talking to with romantic interest have never been... the best dressers. On dates I would dress very standard and safe so as to not overdress them or make them feel uncomfortable. 
 The girl I am currently talking to, takes this even further. She says she likes guys who dress down and  prefers  a man in "sweatpants and a t-shirt" than anything else really. 
 At this point, I'm thinking of abandoning fashion as a hobby, going back to dressing solely to attract women. So my question is, why should I keep trying to dress as well as I do if in most cases it doesn't really matter, and right now is actually even hurting my chances?

[15] Per Frederick Herzberg's work, money is not a motivator, but a hygiene factor. People leave when they're unhappy on that or any number of other factors, and take a lot of tacit knowledge with them. 
 The only way to gauge this properly is for top leadership to hold long and trusting interviews with their workers to find out their concerns. The 1x programmer will feel like there's no job security, because 10x person blows them away. The 10x programmer is just waiting to move to Google and work at a spa for $150k/year. 
 Both issues are systemically problematic. 
 Per Deming's theories, if bonuses and pay are given out, the entire workplace becomes a lottery where people game the system. Lines of code? Spam it. Code reviews? Play personal office politics. 
 The answer is to get rid of personal measurements, and implement systematic ones. The root causes also have to be addressed. A lack of very careful hiring will cause the variation between 1x and 10x. 
 To reduce the variation, managers also have to learn from the best and train the rest -- themselves. No, 10x coder should not be training the 1x. The well-paid manager should burn the oil to get up to 5x and teach the 1x's to be 5x's, and then keep improving that number from there.

[16] Happiness is a common term that's thrown around a lot. While a lot of people argue about the existence of god, the purpose of life and other questions of that nature that are difficult to answer and discuss, I feel most people commonly agree that the primary goal of life is to look for and attain happiness. 
 I've always more or less taken this approach towards life without deeply questioning its premise as it always seemed almost self-evident. Throughout my (relatively short, 23/M) life so far, I've striven more or less to put myself in positions that either make me happy, or position myself to be happy in the future. Currently, I have a great job that I love, I have hobbies that I pursue regularly, I have a trusted group of friends, I'm going to grad school part-time, etc. I feel like I have less things to strive for in life as things sort of level out, and I feel that on some levels that I've "made it". 
 I understand that there are a whole slew of challenges that I'll face in the future, but recently I've been thinking about the idea of what's really important in life: happiness, or meaning? At my current position in life, I feel like I've met all the necessities of fundamental happiness such as food, shelter, social interaction, etc. Being in this position has also made me realize that the same things that used to make me happy before don't anymore. For example, something trivial like buying a gadget doesn't give me the same kind of joy or thrill that it used to. 
 I realize that I now value meaning in life a lot more than I value "happiness". Seeking meaning may require sacrificing or not being "happy" in the short term to make a contribution or impact that is felt throughout the world. For me, an example of finding meaning in life would be working hard to create a solo musical project on the side. While I love making music, it's still a difficult undertaking, and requires dedication and sticking to it even when I'd rather be more momentarily "happy" by zoning out and watching more Scrubs on Netflix. I think in the end, meaning is what gives that deep seated happiness that stays with you permanently and shapes who you are. 
 I'm sorry if this was blindingly obvious to all of you, but I thought it could be interesting to discuss.

[17] Too bad we can't just dig up all of Richmond Hill, melt all the gunk under the topsoil for low-grade fuel, sell it by the barrel to Americans, and dump the leftover sludge into Lake Simcoe. That would pay for lots of stuff!!

[18] Yeah, and they've previously stated that day tripper was an attack on "weekend hippies". One of the original lines in it was "she's a prick (later changed to big) teaser". I don't have any links on the internet but I recall it being in the biography "The Beatles" written by Bob Spitz. I believe Norwegian Wood was based on an affair of John's with a reporter but I don't think she was a lesbian.

[19] Nope. I played WoW long enough, made the mistake of coming back to MMO's for TOR. Sick of chasing that f***ing carrot these companies throw out for the player. 
 I would predict this will be a slightly less successful version of TOR. Another theme park MMO, people cream themselves because they can go back to Morrowind and Cyrodiil. TES fans will be happy because there will be a Daedric Realm expansion, a Sheogorath expansion and it will all come down to redressed mechanics, recycled locations and tired graphics - so tired that by the time this game will be released they will be outdated by a year and a half. They will make their money back on development, probably turn a profit and eventually go the way of LOTRO and TOR becoming free to play in less than a year. 
 Why do MMO's fail? Blizzard was successful and have done a good job of at least maintaining a decent playerbase. But they are like the grand mother to AAA MMO games. They set the pace and all the others follow. They fail because of oversaturation. Ever been good at an MMO? Which at the end of the day = playing a ridiculous amount and participating in scheduled raids/flashpoints/whateverdafuqyouwannacallit. It gets old and it doesn't feel unique because once you reach the end... that's the end. The MMO design (currently anyway) is weak as it stands and can't sustain unless they find a way to beat the cyclical, rat-race syle game.

[20] A brick is a physical object made of physical compounds for a physical purpose. If a material scientist puts the brick through a series of chemical and structural experiments what the scientist will glean from the brick is assuredly beyond what the brickmaker "intended." (Not to mention that the scientific data will have little to no importance to the third little piggy safe and snug in his townhouse.) 
 A text is a cultural object, beholden to a historical moment, to psychological influences both conscious and unconscious of the writer and his audience. Also, a text comes out of a literary tradition that is not necessarily known by the average reader. This is especially true of Tolkien's work, and an examination of these factors will lead to many insights not apparent to someone who has seen the movies and made an attempt at reading the Silmarillion. 
 To reduce the activity and applicability of literary criticism to a matter of intentions overlooks etymologies, cultural forces, the literary discourse, matters of politics, psychology, and tons of rich material that helps us to understand the impact and the meaning in a text.

[21] Sorry to hear about your club. 
 One piece of advice on this front: make it as easy as possible for people to get your clubs/gear back to you by having your info (name/email/phone) on every club using  or one of the many golf label services. 
 We invest a lot of time and money in our golf gear and imo, this is $10 well spent.  I've been using these for the last 15+ years and since they come in sheets of 20, you always have a few left over to put on related gear like your range finder, golf gps, etc. 
 Twice last season I left something on the green and both times received a call while still on the course from the person who found it thanks to the info on the label.

[22] First off, you're level 9 and no offense but your build reflects that. You probably shouldn't be partied with your level 27 friend. There are better options for Tyr than Rage, Deathbringer, Frostbound, and especially Fatalis. I understand what you were doing, building him for auto attacks and all, but it's far from the best way to play Tyr. He uses abilities for most of his damage. You need to be building things like Void Blade, Shield, and Jotunn's. Tyr and the other bruisers are the most cookie cutter gods in the game. 
 Also, a close 51 minute loss with a difference of 1 kill is certainly not the best scenario to cry "OP." I'd like to also point out the fact that Poseidon had 15 deaths to go with his 20 kills, so he wasn't exactly mopping the place up.

[23] We have two dogs. One is seven, the other is one. Since the arrival of the younger pup, our older dog has decided he wants to mark his territory and has been peeing inside on all the furniture multiple times per day. We have never had this problem before... Training him as a puppy was effortless. 
 Now none of our methods are effective. No matter what we do, he finds a way to pee inside. Even if we watch him like a hawk in the room, he'll straight up pee in front of us. 
 He is not neutered, and the vet has told us this is our only hope in terms of making the accidents go away. We aren't really comfortable with doing this to him now that he's older, so as it stands, it's our last resort. 
 Suggestions would be amazing! Anybody experience the same problem? Thanks!

[24] Hey there, this has quit a bit of back story so I apologise in advance if this reads something like a novel. We both go to the same uni and usually hang out every Sunday. I have known her for about 8 months now but this has all only happened in the past 3 months. 
 The short version of this whole mess is that I started Uni last year and met a girl, we get on great and hang out all the time, I was pretty attracted to her but assumed I was just a friend. One drunken night we kissed which I took as just that, a drunken kiss. Two days later we kissed again, sober though she claims she was tired and doesn't really remember that happening all too well. Had a chat about it to clear the air which was strange. Got talking about the possibility of it going somewhere which didn't seem likely as she was considering working out of the country after this year was up, she said she didn't really want to mess around either which is fair. It got cold and she decided she wanted to come back to mine then proceeded to watch a film and cuddle in to me for all of it. 
 Confusing. 
 Next significant time she came round and ended up staying over night and things got a bit heated during the night, no sex or anything, just some very intense kissing / touching. Cue another weird conversation in the morning about how she doesn't want to get distracted from her training / uni work but I was making it hard not to and we shouldn't be left alone together in a room because of that... 
 Next weekend hangout time I decided a film was a bad idea because of all this previous stuff so I suggested we go a walk, walked around the city for hours and had a great day. Kissed her forehead after I walked her home to which she said I was "Rubbish" then ran away, so chased after her and kissed her properly and she kissed me back. Went home and she asked me to come back round later in the evening to fix her iPod, as I was leaving this time we ended up on the floor in her hall making out but it got cut short (felt like it was going further) because her flatmates turned up! Cue ANOTHER chat about it all which suggested that she was quite in to all of this and was happy to continue seeing me for as long as she stayed in the country. Success! 
 By this point the on and off is a bit strange but it looks overall like it may well be going some where. 
 Yesterday we spent all day in the park at a friends birthday party and later in the evening the two of us went on another walk, easily the most fun I've had with her yet, I didn't make a move the whole day and when we eventually got back to hers about 00:30 she asked if I wanted to stay instead of walking home (I live a 5minute walk away). I figured this was a good sign. So we got in to bed and went to put my arms around her to which she said "bad idea", I figured she was making a joke about it leading to something else which she has done before so thought nothing more of it. Ten minutes pass and nothing is going on, I'm lying on one side, she is faced away from me on the other and keeps asking me what I'm thinking. At this point I reckon I have nothing to lose so I say "I am thinking you should kiss me". She laughs and says "No" but it sounds jokingly. Silence. Oh great. She then turns round and asks if I was kidding, which of course I tell her I wasn't and that I have been thinking the whole evening that she should kiss me. Then in a serious tone she says, "That wasn't why I asked if you wanted to stay, it was just so you didn't have to walk home, besides, friends don't kiss do they?". At this point I have no answer, so mumble "No I guess not" and she turns away again. 
 Not really sure what to do at this stage so I turn away from her and try to get some sleep, pretty confused and annoyed. She then continues to ask if I am okay, which I reply that of course I am. An hour or so passes and I'm wide awake still trying to work out what the hell is going on. She pushes her back up against me and asks me to put my arms around her which I do. Again feeling quite confused. Another hour or so passes with her occasionally moving about against me to get comfy. Feeling a bit uncomfortable now, just kind of want to go home. She wakes up about half an hour later and asks if I'm okay, I tell her I'm fine but I'm going to head home. When I leave she walks me to the door and just stands there as I hug her and say goodnight. No reciprocation. As soon as I move away she closes the door and locks it so I head home and don't sleep. This morning she txt me to say she was worried about me after I left and didn't sleep and that she is there for me if I ever want to talk about anything, the message has an extra kiss at the end which I know was probably irrelevant but she has never added extra in the whole time I have known her. 
 Sorry for the length of that. I am just really confused about what is going on here and could do with some advice from an outside point of view. The trouble being that we go to the same uni, it's pretty small and I see her every single day without fail and usually train with her to. I'm starting to feel things for her so I figure backing off and keeping distance might be a good idea if she doesn't want anything more than just friendship which it looks like.

[25] Right now, I'd say Cech is probably more reliable and slightly better, but in 2 years? 5 years? By then Courtois is almost certainly going to the better than Cech (possibly the best in the world), but if Mourinho benches him for long periods he's going to leave.

[26] I hate invincibility in video games. 
 it seems more games add this mechanic to games especially in multiplayer and to me it always feels like a cop out. a couple examples are joanna from heroes of the storm and lissandra from league of legends. 
 i feel there is no real interaction between players when invincibility is involved. if your opponent is invincible you just stand around and wait. if you are invincible there is nothing for you to think about. there is no meaningful decisions to be made. there is no counterplay. the worst example i can think of is WoW. i last played in ~2007 or 8 pre-burninng crusade so if it changed i apologize. anyway, whenever i would fight a paladin we both knew at some point in the fight he was going to go invincible and full heal and there was nothing i could do about it. i could outplay him through the whole fight but as soon as he was low bam invincibility and full heal. i would of course also heal up and the entire fight up to this point would have been mostly moot. 
 if there was an ability or item that could be used to cancel out ones invincibility then there is some decision to be made and i am fine with this. 
 i realize this problem is a little different in a team setting rather than a 1v1 setting as you have the decision to switch targets or force your opponent to switch targets, however even when doing so there is still nothing that can be done to that opponent. 
 when you take away options and decisions the player becomes frustrated and the game no longer becomes fun. 
 anyway i thought id start a discussion as i havent seen anybody talking about and would like to know others thoughts.

[27] I was there in person and here's what bothered me about the play... I have no problem with a ref making a bad call (I mean, i'll bitch about a bad call, but who doesn't). If it's a split-second decision and the ref thinks he sees something, so be it, sometimes they make mistakes. 
 But on this hit, there was no split-second flag. Green went down, mccourty caught the loose ball and took off the other way. The linesman stood looking at green on the ground and it wasn't until he failed to get up that the flag came out. Mccourty was already down around the 30 yard line before the flag came out (about a 5-6 second delay from the hit). Now maybe he was having trouble pulling out the flag, but it sure seemed like the flag was thrown because the player was injured, not because the hit instantly warranted a penalty. 
 I don't know what the guy was thinking during that 5-6 seconds, and I'm not sure what process the league uses to assess officials, but is it possible that the late flag was due to stricter penalties to officials for not calling an illegal hit that causes injury than mistakenly flagging a legal hit? 
 The NHL has recently fallen victim to this, where calls are made based on the result of the play rather than the play itself. It's unfortunate because it penalizes circumstances as much as it does the actual play. For example in this play, green wasn't prepared for the hit because he was bobbling the ball. Had he made a clean catch maybe he could have had his body in a better position to take the hit and hopefully not have the same whiplash effect. 
 Do you guys think the NFL is starting to react to the results of plays more than the plays themselves? I feel like I've seen more than a few pass interference flags not come out until the receiver complains this year (more so than in previous years).

[28] Okay, so I met this girl through work and I've known her for about three months now. Her and I have a lot in common personality wise, and most importantly to me, morally wise. Her and I started hanging out a lot when we met, lots of sleepovers and shopping, you know how it is. 
 Now, I've never had emotional feelings for a girl. I've always been a little bicurious and I'm the kind of girl who makes out with other girls when there's alcohol involved, but that's it.
The idea of dating a girl has always vaguely been in the back if my mind, but more of a" I wonder what it would be like kind of way", not really a "oh I want to try this!" Because quite honestly, when it comes down to it, I'm not okay with the idea of being bisexual. I don't care what other people do and I don't judge others for their personal business, I just don't personally believe in it. 
 So once I started developing feelings for her and having urges to cuddle and kiss her, I kind of shoved them to the back of my head and ignored them. 
 Then Halloween happened. Her and I and a few friends went out to a rave  Halloween night. Long story short, I was really drunk and I kept looking at her all night thinking how damned beautiful she looked and I ended up making out with her. 
Now, it wasnt just her i made out with, because I was drunk so I made out with the two other girls we were with, but I most vividly remember kissing her. Also, she was our DD so she was sober, which honestly I feel like that means something. 
 After that night I pretty much accepted that I like her  a lot.  I kept going back and forth on telling her because even though I knew she wouldn't just stop talking to me or something if I told her, I didn't want to make things weird. Plus, there's the fact her and I have never done this before. She's never even had a boyfriend before (though, not by choice, she says). 
 I just can't help but feel weird about the whole thing. I like her so much, but it's just... I don't know. I've never liked a girl so I feel like it's a totally different ball game.
I'm just confused. 
 Anyways, I talked to one of my friends about it and she convinced me to tell her, so I did. What she told me when I told her is that she is totally open to it, but she just doesn't know how she feels. She enjoyed making out with me and cuddling with me when we go to sleep when I stay over, but she just doesn't know how she feels. She did agree  to go on dates with me until she figures it out because it's not a totally I don't know, it's more of an I'm into it and open, just unsure how I feel. Does that make any sense? 
 So here's the deal, I am not sure how to go about this. I'm trying to give her space, meaning I'm trying not to flirt with her or be around her too, too much, but I definitely plan to take her out soon when we get paid. 
 The whole thing is just really hard for me because we completely act like a couple. Two people from work actually asked me if we were dating. We just don't hold hands or anything. 
 I am so confused, I don't know what to do. I really like her and I don't want to scare her off. I have no idea how to go about this. Please help me out. 
 Sorry if the whole thing sounded scrambled. That's just how I'm thinking right now. I just put it all out there randomly. I'm just so damn confused.

[29] Sorry, this is kinda long. 
 All in all, I'm loving college. I love everything about the responsibility, the fact that everything is on me and I can take care of stuff myself, I don't have to rely on my parents to do their half of anything. I'm a brand new freshman and just started, and it's already the best time of my life. 
 When I graduated HS, my NMom asked me to keep living at home so that I could take care of my younger brother. Honestly, I didn't want to, and I should've tried to say no, but I feel responsible for him, I've been raising him since I was seven and he was four, so he's my kid too. I agreed and I made peace with my decision because it felt like it was my decision. 
 Now that school has started, I visit my boyfriend at his school every weekend. His roommates are my best friends too and it's a fantastic way for me to get away from the anxiety that my home gives me and just relax and feel at peace for a few days. However, my NParents are pissed about the decisions I'm making. 
 They both want me to go to law school. They know I want to make movies, and I know all of the benefits of law school, but that is in no way something that I want to do. I've expressed it to them and have been trying to get them off my back about it for months, but they pressured me into saying "yeah, I'll do it". I've made up in my mind that I'll go behind their back and do the major I want. I know it'll probably bite me in the ass as far as how they'll react, but I'd rather not deal with four more years of an expensive hell that I don't want. 
 After that, NMom is asking why I don't do much on campus. First of all, she knows damn good and well why I don't—she expects me to pick up my brother from school, so that automatically means I have to come home as soon as classes end. Plus, I have some heavy depression, so I often don't feel like going and being social. But I joined the school newspaper and I'm working on joining the radio station, the only problem is that those are two things she doesn't want for me. I guess my point is that I'm trying and I'm doing it at my own pace, but it still isn't enough. I know it never will be, but it makes it difficult some days. I guess I just want to know if how I'm going about all of this is okay and ultimately beneficial for myself.

[30] Having been unemployed for quite some time, I am aware that there is a large contingency of people with lots of free time and looking for a way to make a quick buck. Well, it just so happens I have such an opportunity! 
 I live in Azusa and just scheduled a job interview for tomorrow afternoon all the way over in Gardena. I would happily throw someone a few bones (think: roughly the daily rental car rate) on top of gas to ferry me there and back. I could rent a car but I would rather keep what little money I have in the hands of real people instead of hoping it slowly trickles down through the system to the people who need it most. The potential job pays well enough that if I get it, procuring regular transportation would not be an issue. 
 So please, if you are able to assist me or can think of a solution to my problem that I haven't been able to (so, not public transit,taxi,Zipcar), comment or pm me. Thanks!

[31] There is a girl at my school who crushes on me seriously. She is part of my circle of best friends, she hangs out with us, but I don't really consider her one of my best friends. It is a well-known fact to me and to everyone else in the group that she likes me, but the problem is: I don't really want to date her. She's not my type, and is frankly kind of needy and annoying. Just a bit. Also, she isn't that really good looking, but that's not the main point. She was recently asked out by some other guy, and she put the fact that she was dating him in front of me every day. I presume she did it for attention. For some reason she thinks that I don't know that she likes me, and keeps trying to hint it to me. The other day she asked me that if she and I were married, what would we name our dog. That spooked me the fuck out (I am a sophomore in high school). She hasn't approached me to tell me how she feels yet. I would respect her if she did, but I think she's too afraid. Any advice on what I should too?

[32] Once, I carried a Christmas tree to my house from a local grocery store.
To illustrate the situation, it was me (5'9, 135 lb female) vs 7'5 foot tree. 
unfortunately, I do not drive and must rely on my friends at times to help me transport heavy things. But that year, Christmas was just around the corner and, as my patience was growing thin, I decided to bring the tree home myself. When I got to the store, they had two trees left - my tree and another small tree that has surely seen better days. My tree was a little taller than I was expecting to get, but, hey, I get more tree for the same price, so I was happy with that. 
You see those Christmas posters with men effortlessly carrying Christmas trees on their shoulders and that how I was planning on carrying my tree. Guess what, trees are heavier than they look. At least heavier than I was expecting them to be. I was not able to place it on my shoulder, instead, I had to grab it somewhere below the waist, cling to it for dear life and run with it for a few meters before I would run out of breath. By the time I got to the nearest subway station I was sweating. The lady who sells subway tickets opened the stroller gate for me and, smiling broadly, said something about the true Christmas spirit. 
Four stops later I had to get off and transfer to a bus to take me home. By the time I got out of the subway station and took stairs to the nearest bus stop my face was red and I was sweating profusely. Several men have kindly offered me their assistance. In my dishevelled state I found that very flattering, but it was my tree and I was not going to let some stranger carry it home for me. You know what's the hardest part about taking a Christmas tree on the bus with you? Trying to keep the tree upright at the same time as trying to prevent yourself from falling, every time the bus driver decides to catch a yellow light. 
The rest of my trip was not eventful - the bus stop was right outside my apartment and I took the elevator to my floor. But now, when friends tell me how they manage to bring four bags of groceries upstairs in one go, I always remind them that once I carried a 7'5 foot Christmas tree home.

[33] We all try!  But...  Ya know...  ADHD kicks in, and we want to make sure the whole story is posted...  and then forget what we already covered...  And I think I may be starting to ramble...  again.  Then my

[34] Arrives in office and the first thing he does isn't establish rapport with the city, but tries to alienate as many Bloomberg-related (former mayor) projects as possible. This includes Green cab service (which rivals yellow cabs) and of course, what would have been the new stadium for NYCFC in The Bronx. He's not a soccer fan and doesn't see a future in it, therefore doesn't want city funds allocated towards it. Projects that he DOES plan on leaving in play, of course, include hiking public transit fares. 
 He alienated the whole police department by saying that he raised his kids to be wary of the racist NYPD (he's married to a black woman  who is accomplished in her own right). It's one thing to say that citizens need to be careful of racial profiling, it's another altogether to exacerbate already-growing tensions with the NYPD like this. It's akin to Obama saying that the US Armed forces start illegal wars with impunity. NOT the best way to ease an already hostile situation, to put it lightly. He made it evident that he wanted to reform how NYPD goes about its work, but then places Bratton as police commissioner, aka the guy that championed the infamous practice of "Stop and Frisk". 
 He promised tax hikes on the wealthy as part of his platform, but it's stalled and he hasn't done a thing to push it through. You can some it up to "typical campaign bullshit promises", but it was his signature proposal. 
 He basically campaigned as a liberal championing anti-conservative and anti-establishment ideals, but in reality, it's just anti-Bloomberg. I applaud his work for animal rights (carriage banning, which is failing btw) and decriminalization of possession of small amounts of marihuana (but it's a far cry from what he based his campaign on). He's gone completely silent on healthcare and affordable housing. Meh. I voted for the guy because we do need change, but he's dragging us kicking and screaming into his vision of the city and not what's actually feasible. The worst part is that I'll probably have to end up voting for him again because the rest of the field just screams of establishment, but that's another story.

[35] Thats about it. Lacking a car, a friend of mine was having one of her pals get me to take me out for her birthday. It's been 2 hours since she was supposed to get me, and not a single phone call.
I felt like complaining. 
Also, if you say you're going to get someone, either get them, or at least let that person know you aren't fucking coming. Ive since given up on waiting. 
Its also shitty because my friend didn't even bother to call me to tell me her friend wasn't getting me, either.

[36] I remember watching "placebo effect" high. Lana asks "do you have any snacks?" after hot boxing with archer to which I promptly replied "do you not?" at my laptop.

[37] Sorry in advance for the possible wall of text, but I need to get this out. I have an appointment with a therapist tomorrow. My mom says he specializes in gender issues, but I honestly don’t believe it. To be honest, I don’t believe anything she says anymore. This is a short collection of quotes, word for word, over the past year I have taken. 
 
 “I’m not trying to belittle you, but I still think it’s something you just read on the web” 
 “You’re crazy if you think any doctor would even touch you before 18” 
 “I’m your gatekeeper, that’s why.” 
 “Either be a girl or don’t, I don’t care, you’re not doing this under my roof” 
 “We care about you!”  
 “You expect sympathy because you think you’re ugly when you look at yourself in the mirror because you see a boy? I think you’re full of drama, so cut the shit.” 
 ‘We are doing everything we can to support you. We bend over backwards to support you!” 
 “You want to be a girl? Go fucking be a girl! I’m sick and tired of your fucking bullshit!!”  
 “I love you no matter what.”  
 
 In all honesty, she’s probably tracking me and reading this post. I should use a throwaway, but I don’t really care. I just don’t know what to do. This clearly goes beyond mere ignorance, or lack of knowledge. I have been called “Son” or “Man” or “Boy” and all the like even more so since coming out to my parents. Point being, I don’t feel safe with my parents, and cannot bear them anymore. It’s taken a year and a half for her to even agree to see a therapist, and I am just thinking about giving up if this goes south. If it does, I can’t stay with my parents. They hurt me too much. I have no family, no friends, or anywhere else to go. For all I know, my mom has convinced this therapist to block me as well. I wish I could just forget I ever felt this way and go back to thinking I’m male, because I'm sure as hell not waiting until I'm 18.

[38] EDIT : See  ManaPot  answer below, I'm just dumb. 
 I recently bought the Archeum founder pack on Steam. Making this post just to warn others. It not seems to be a known issue, correct me if yes. 
 When I first opened Glyph (from Steam), I got the popup that asked me if I wanted to link my CD key. Then, for a reason I don't remember, I closed that popup without applying my key. Since then, each time I hit the "Update" button (Alpha or Beta), I got an Error 2028 saying I don't have rights for this game. 
 Then, I contacted the support. My key could be re-applied when I opened Glyph, but I forgot to specify that the problem was linked to an Archeum pack, and not one of the two others. So the guy just gave me access to the Beta and not the Alpha version. 
 I re-opened my ticket but didn't have any response (3 days), I guess it will be resolved soon (I hope so ..). So if you buy from Steam, be sure to apply the key the first time you open Glyph, if not, you're screwed. 
 Maybe a key recognition (for the pack you choose) and a place to apply a CD key in Glyph could be a good thing to add. 
 At least I could try the Beta :)

[39] State government is already paying 3/4ths of the cost in almost every state, and the Pell grants from the federal government covers the remain 5K or so per year (assuming full time students). If you are poor or working class. 
 States Control the costs via the board of regents who are state employees, and sometimes elected officials. They know exactly what students can afford to pay and lobby state officials for money when the students can't cover it.

[40] I am not really sure this is the appropriate place for this post, but I am looking for guidance. I'm 24 years old, with a general idea of where I would like to be, but still working it out. I have a background in urban planning. Community is where I find my passion. I love bringing people together, events, community support development... basically that overall "good" that a strong community can bring and add to the vibrance of a city. 
 Ultimately, I would love to start my own business. I have ideas for a small business incubator, and a community center. My plans a little in-depth, but not what's important currently. 
 I realized I could not be so naive to think I could start a business or massive project without some business sense. This steered me toward an MBA where I could learn the ins and outs of what it takes to run a business. It seemed like the perfect way to bring myself into a business mind and the business world. 
 That being said I'm overwhelmed. I love the idea of small-scale, longstanding, successful business. The independent entrepreneur (which kind of ties into by business plan). In school we are discussing companies like McDonald's, Walmart, Starbucks, and Vangaurd. It's all a bit disheartening. I know we must learn from the best, but I don't think bigger means better. I don't agree with many of these big business practices. Basically. I love the idea of independent success and working hard toward goals, but I am struggling with where I can find my footing and common ground. Any sort of insight or guidance is appreciated. 
 Again, I am not sure if this is the appropriate forum to post, but any feedback is welcomed.

[41] SteamRep has always said that a big part of partnering up with the big communities was to ensure that these communities are doing the right thing but when I ask a SteamRep admin (charlie) via chat how can I report partners for mistreatment I get told that I can't and that I need to speak to Mattie, this is not really suitable as. 
 A. Mattie has removed me from his friends list for what ever reason so I can't speak to him
B. Any time I've spoken to Mattie I've always felt he's never really trying to help and is a PR mode so to speak
C. This is not a transparent method, these issues should be made aware to everyone and not just Mattie 
 To my issue... 
 I've had a issue where SourceOP has deleted my 13+ pages of Rep for no viable reason, there are many others with these concerns. I feel like I should be able to report this to SteamRep as they are a partner community but I can't, If SteamRep is going to play the part of the community protectors I should be able to report the partners easier then I could report a individual but that is not the case. 
 These are just a couple of threads I found on reddit, i'm sure there's more as there's more pages and over my time of trading i've seem many high tier traders have their rep deleted for no given reason. If there was a method of reporting these issues there will no doubt be a long list of this issue and more importantly other community concerns. 
 From what I understand Butane was a previous SteamRep admin and many partners sites have SteamRep a representation, this to me is a massive conflict of interest as once a community has a partner status and is working with SteamRep it's in the best interest of SteamRep for them no to have issues out in the open, which is why I feel could be a reason there is no official process.

[42] My friends and I were out at my cottage in the woods and had a pellet gun. We had been trying to hit a bird for a while, but alas we all were a shitty shot. 
 We were sitting in the kitchen which looked out to the patio and noticed this one bird kept coming and sitting on the patio and chirping. It came and went several times before my friend lined up the shot and waited for it to come back. Bird flew back to the same spot, friend got it right in the eye. It fell over and started twitching, then we just picked it up and threw it in the fire, while it was still alive. 
 We realized almost immediately after that the reason this bird kept coming back was because it had a nest just above the patio. We took down the nest and there was a baby bird and an egg in there. We played with the bird for a while before it got away from us, probably dying shortly after. Felt pretty bad about it, but we were all drunk and the baby bird was really cute.

[43] Hi all! Hoping to get some suggestions/experiences on what other people have done to have successful naptimes. 
 Baby (almost 8 months old) and I bed-share at night. I nurse to sleep and we do 2 middle of the night feeds. For the time being, I am totally happy with that arrangement. I love nursing her to sleep and I don't mind the night wakings. 
 Daytime is a different story. I can really only get her to nap if she is strapped on to me in the ergo and I am bouncing, and bouncing, and bouncing some more. She is a chubby bunny and all of this nap bouncing is taking a toll on my back. After she falls asleep in the ergo, I can usually set her down and she'll stay asleep. But only for about 30-45 minutes. I can also sometimes get her to sleep by lying down with her and doing side-lying nursing. However, I don't always want to stay in bed with her because I've got things to do around the house. 
 What I'd really love to do is be able to do a little naptime routine, put her in a pack n play and go about my business for an hour. A girl can dream right? 
 Sidenote: Today I tried a "camping out-CIO" sleep training thing at naptime and it was pretty rough. I sat next to the Pack n Play and sang to her while she cried her little head off. Ended up nursing and rocking her to sleep after 15 minutes of listening to her cry.

[44] Bad horse. Bad horse! Bad Horse. Bad Horse!
He rides across the nation, the thoroughbred of sin.
He got the application you just sent in.
It needs evaluation so let the games begin.
A heinous crime, a show of force.
A murder would be nice of course.
Bad horse. Bad horse! Bad Horse. He's bad!
The evil league of evil is watching so beware!
The grade you recieve will be the last we swear.
So make the Bad Horse gleeful or he'll make you his mare.
You're saddled up; there's no recourse.
It's "hi ho silver!", Signed Bad Horse.

[45] Let yourself skip to the fast parts. 
 If you already know what is happening next, skip to that part and write it out. Just write yourself quick notes on what needs to happen in the slower parts. 
 Once you have a first draft, it will obviously be missing quite a bit, but it is easier to go back and fill in the gaps than it is to try and force yourself to fill them in when you aren't into it.

[46] Back when I was in grade 7/8 I was bullied a lot and don't really have any friends. Living in a small town, everyone under 20 knew me but I didn't realise the depth of it until one day I went to the local pool. 
 I was walking to the change room when a girl several grades below me (still in Primary school) called to me from the pool, 'Hey Peabop!Did you know that you're ugly?' Her friends swimming behind her laughed. 
 This hurt so much, not only because I hadn't ever done anything to them but also because I'd seen this kid but never really interacted with her. I remember her going in the school concert and accidentally jumping off the stage during the practice. I'd always assumed she was a nice person, not to say that she isn't just due to that one incident, but I guess I never expected her off all people to say something like that. 
 What really hurt was the fact that even kids way below my year group knew of me and talked about me that way. I hadn't even known her name yet she knew mine. 
 I changed schools eventually and made some of the best friends within a week. Now I'm at University and have a wonderful kind boyfriend. He came to stay at my house and we went to the supermarket only for me to see her at the checkout. It felt like something out of a TV show. 
 I wondered it she remembered. She wished my Mum a nice day etc but didn't give eye contact, I wonder if she felt bad. I wish I could ask her, I want to know her true incentive and say I have no hard feelings. She didn't look very happy regardless of reason.

[47] 4: Yes, bitcoins can be lost just like you can lose cash or the bank can "lose" your money to cover their asses 
 3: Yet there are even more devoted people in the community preventing such attacks 
 2: How exactly can the IRS or the NSA keep track of my money when I can create an anonymous wallet address in less than a second and the possible number of wallets is equivelant to the number of atoms in the known universe? 
 1: See #2

[48] His English name is Golbez, In FF4 DS remake he's called Golbez, even his name is said that way in cutscenes 
 In the Android/IOS version of the after years, in Menus And Battle, his name is Golbeza, However in text/dialog, It's spelled Golbez. 
 They also fucked up Fuyosa and "FUSUYA" is shown in battle. 
 Basically the Japanese name is shown in menus/battle, But cut-scenes show the English name, It's confusing to explain and annoying to see in game

[49] I know what you were really hoping for is a wall of text, so here it is! 
 So the title pretty much sums it up.  I've posted here before but have recently come to the realization that I really have no idea what I'm looking for whether it's a friend, a girlfriend, a fwb situation, a online friend, a gaming buddy, a teammate or what have you.  But I am looking for something. 
 Onto the about me section, well there's a lot to tell (as I'm sure could be said for most people).  I'm a guy, tall, dirty blonde, I enjoy intelligent conversation, art, photography, video games, movies, I wear my heart on my sleeve, I'm honest, I'm sincere, I'm happy, I'm sad, I like road trips, astronomy, camping, hiking, building things, going on adventures, I like going out, I like staying in, I don't smoke, I'm not much of a reader but am currently trying to broaden my literary horizons, I like the Simpsons, Futurama, Game of Thrones (just stared season 3, this is a spoiler free zone), Star Wars, Indiana Jones, Disneyland, and there's still probably 10,000,000 1/2 things that I could list here but that ought to be enough to get you started. If you send me a picture I shall of course reciprocate in kind :) 
 So, reddit, I may not know what it is I'm looking for in a person, but hopefully you can surprise me!

[50] Similar to ALL thee stories, and only occurred last year. This isn't a Christmas story, but my constantly spoiled cousin received and iPhone 3GS with a $60 a month plan when he was 17. He had never had a job, and didn't need to pay a cent for the contract. 
He then got his first girlfriend, and was completely obsessed with the fact of actually having a girlfriend,  and would constantly force his mother to drive them everywhere. 
Literally the first month after they started dating, his parents received a $2000+ phone bill. They were always under pressure from just the cost of living, but this?! 
I remember I was at their house staying over, and I was in bed listening to him scream and yell saying they weren't taking his phone or his "right to be driven around, because that's what parents do". I was so angry, I just wanted to get out of bed and hit him.

